Backup & Restore clarifications (#4041)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/backup-restore.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> The {productname} service is automatically restarted during creation of a full backup, the downtime can be significant.

Reviewer: I would prefer something like:

```suggestion
The {productname} service is automatically stopped for the duration of creating of a full backup, the downtime can be significant.
After backup is done, service is automatically restarted.
```

It, in my opinion, better explains what is going on and that it is not an instant restart.

Author: Alternate suggestion by keichwa:
```suggestion
The {productname} service is automatically stopped for the time it takes to create a full backup.
The downtime can be significant.
After backup is done, service is automatically restarted.
```
